
# Producers and consumers
The producer and the consumer problem is a typical problem for cooperating processes.A producer process produces informations that is consumed by a consumer process.For instance,we can view the server is a producer and a client is consumer. A web server produces HTML files and images and the  client  browser consumes the resources.The producer produce one product,while the consumer consume one product.The producer and the consumer must be synchronize.The consumer cannot consume an item which has not been produced by the producer.When there is no product for the  consumer to  consume.The consume thread must have to wait until there have product. If the time of the consumer consume one product is longer ,which means that the speed of the producer produce one product is very fast.So there will be more and more products. This is the parallel execution of the program.


# what do we do on producer and consumer
In computing ,the product-consume problem is a typical example of a multi-process synchronization problem. the producer and the consumer process share  a common data ,the job of the producer  is to generate data and save the data. on the other hand the job of the consumer is to consume data.We have to make sure that the producer won't add any data into the data,if the buff is full and the consumer won't remove any data from the empty buffer. An inadequate solution could result in a deadlock where both processes are waiting to be awakened.  In our program ,we use one thread to read the data, one thread to process the data and one thread to show the the result .These threads can make our programs run in parallel rather run at only one single thread.A single-threaded program can not do all the things, so we have to use multi-threaded programs to read the data, process the data, and display the results
